feat: add `math/base/special/acscf` (#2111)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/acscf/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# acscf

> Compute the [arccosecant][arccosecant] of a single-precision floating-point number.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var acscf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/acscf' );
```

#### acscf( x )

> Computes the [arccosecant][arccosecant] of a single-precision floating-point number (in radians).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the [inverse (arc) cosecant][arccosecant] of a single-precision floating-point number.
```

The input is not in radians, but the output value is in radians.

Would you mind updating the descriptions here and elsewhere?

Reviewer: I often refer to the Julia documentation for inspiration when writing descriptions: https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/math/#Base.Math.acsc-Tuple%7BNumber%7D

Author: Sure, I'll be doing that.

v = acscf( -3.141592653589793 );
// returns ~-0.32
```

If `|x| < 1`, the function returns `NaN`.

```javascript
var v = acscf( 0.5 );
// returns NaN
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var linspace = require( '@stdlib/array/base/linspace' );
var acscf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/acscf' );

var x = linspace( 1.1, 5.1, 100 );

var i;
for ( i = 0; i < x.length; i++ ) {
    console.log( acscf( x[ i ] ) );
}
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/acscf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_acscf( x )

Computes the [arccosecant][arccosecant] of a single-precision floating-point number (in radians).

```c
float out = stdlib_base_acscf( 1.0f );
// returns ~1.57f
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **x**: `[in] float` input value (in radians).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **x**: `[in] float` input value.
```
